we are about to build our dream home gym
right here so we need to figure out
what's the best gear we need to talk to
some experts to make sure that we're
making this something special and then
we need to spend a lot of money actually
buying the equipment setting it up and
taking this bad boy for a spin so I
thought what we could do is to smart
with so I thought what we could do is to
start with the small bits full body
vibrating roller for large muscle groups
well you
know says large muscle groups
yeah it's like the super tech version of
a foam roller what's the wave Duo
Contour to the back Spine and Neck W no
way the Theon Pro Plus sixth generation
heat therapy hold therapy LED light
therapy that's a lot of therapy recovery
air jet boots I guess when I read the
word jet boots I'm almost imagining
flying around the neighborhood not
recovering on your floor oh look there's
a calf one there's an arm one there's a
back and core one we could actually kit
out our entire body with th body you'd
be like the worst superhero ever you'd
just be very relaxed what's this Matt
infrared
in the infrared pimp mat hello sir how's
your pimp this website is absolutely
insane we should get some scales too
apparently does a full scan of your body
in 90 seconds even if it's approximate
it's a core feature what normal product
has someone not tried to turn into a
smart alternative bet that this says the
words AI
somewhere yes Elite music boxing
training machine are you kidding me I
love the idea of this it makes it feel
like you're at an arcade beat driven
workout punched to the
Rhythm I'm interested in trying this I
think it's cool I think we should try it
have we done this before smart skip
[Music]
word oh yeah okay maybe just a normal
skipping word just a just a just a real
skipping as prise okay so one thing that
I've been battling with in my mind is
how techy do we go for the gym you can
get a lot of really interesting looking
Tech Gym gear I just don't know how good
it is so one of them is the Vitruvian so
it's kind of like a yoga map but it's
got handles that come out which allow
you to lift weights and it can adjust
the resistance according to how much
weight you want to lift so it looks like
you can squat you can bicep car you can
deadlift the power to deliver up to 200
kg in one sleep package I feel like we
need to get a gym expert's opinion on
this cuz the tech side of me is
completely sold on something like this
so we are about to jump on a core with
Jeff nippard I was doing a lot of
digging before this and everyone seems
to regard him as the go-to guy for
science back to gym knowledge hey hello
what's up what you could do with a bit
of help I'm looking at all this Tech Gym
gear and some part of me thinking this
might not actually be very good gym
equipment what do you think I think it
depends on what your goals are going to
be is your main goal to build muscle and
strength definitely muscular strength
Progressive overload I have a list of
like Basics that I think you definitely
want for those goals that would be a
power rack so you can do squats presses
pretty much any lift with a barbell you
need you need a barbell and uh you need
an adjustable bench so you can do like
flat presses incline presses then from
there you need some kind of um
multi-purpose cable machine and if
you've got a set of dumbbells that gives
you even more versatility and then after
that I would say leg curl would be my
next next pick because you're going to
find that really awkward on cables
honestly oh man this is really useful
good thank you very much all right thank
you thanks cheers bye bye bye bye so the
only decision that we have left to make
is machines which are actually going to
make up the majority of the chin let's
do tradel yeah best tradel of all time
uh this peltin obviously well I don't
love that I think you have to have a
subscription to get the main benefit of
what they're offering it feels like the
industry standard for exercise machines
is calculat display and a resistive
touchcreen at best oh wow
that's a pretty treadmill I like the big
screen it's definitely the nicest
looking Home Gym gear I've ever seen we
want to make sure that we're not
sacrificing on performance for that
design get a personalized consultation
should probably just call them so off we
headed to techno jy's London showroom to
see for ourselves how techno gy the
world's greatest frag the diffusers
coming out the walls technogym for men
right first off the treadmill which was
actually really impressive from a tech
standpoint but I did have one concern
could this damage your joints over time
generally running my Tre is quite for
you and running outside he explained
that if we wanted to minimize the impact
to our joints which I certainly do then
we'd actually be better off going for a
machine with slats so we moved over to
the Techno gym run which was actually
the more affordable machine since it
wasn't part of techno jy's fancy
designer line of products but to me this
actually felt way higher performance the
thing was basically silent to run on
thanks to these thick shock absorbing
rubber slabs which is also what makes
them better for your joints also with
this machine you just place your phone
on top and an NFC tag inside of it
allows you to log directly into both
your techno gym account so that you can
track your workout details also all of
your own personal apps like Netflix the
thing that also really impressed me
though it was this is a machine for
running yes but they've also managed to
turn it into a strength training Machine
by being able to simulate the sled push
so if I start pushing and then if I stop
pushing and then if I st pushing
yeah exactly yeah that is fascinating
you can very easily decide a few things
you want to do and see how you get
better at them the amount of settings
and features on this one machine
genuinely blew me away I decided in this
moment that we have to find a way to fit
one of these in too but we also knew
that we wanted to get an elliptical as
our second cardio machine cuz that's
what I currently use every day then
techno Jim introduced us to a new kind
of elliptical called the artist vario
it's like a normal elliptical but
instead of your movements following a
fixed path you can control where your
legs go you kind of have to find a
rhythm but when you do this thing is
amazing cuz it's an elliptical and then
when you want it to be it's also a step
machine it is absolutely insane how
indepth the software is it's got video
visualization that's pretty useful
actually I think it works but then the
guy took us to what I would consider
techno jy's hero products it's a line of
machines called bio strength where each
one focuses on one muscle group but
takes that to the absolute limit one
thing you'll probably notice immediately
is there's no weight stack machine you
are right the bio strength machines are
actually using magnetic resistance for
the weights which is really cool because
it means no clanging metal whenever you
drop your weights but also that you can
control that weight electronically and
select exactly how many kilos you want
to lift not just go up in fives or 10 so
we can change the resistance level here
can also change the seat height whoa
that just went oh god wow cuz you also
can't take a break here wow that keeps
you accountable
yeah now cool as that was we decided we
probably didn't have enough space to
start getting one machine for every
single muscle group so we decided to
just focus on the leg machine since
that's what Jeff recommended we go for
if we were to only pick one this is 35
kilos but then if you push it harder it
will give you way more
resistance oh yeah of oh I see it I
don't know how much I buy into it but
there is also an AI built into these bio
strength machines that they call Coach
at least in this bio strength range the
equipment is way higher Tech than I
expected like I've used tons of techno
gym in commercial gyms and I guess they
either tend to go for lower end stuff or
they're going for stuff that's just
older and more functional we can have a
word of them about these bezels though
so that's bio strength but for some
things like your bench you also just
kind of want to keep it low Tech it's
the most comfortable gym bench I've ever
sat on this feels absolutely insanely
comfy for a bench like you could like
sit there reading a book on that thing
we also do need some storage for this
room and this was pretty good inso cuz
the height of the rack means it can fit
a lot of stuff in without taking up the
much more valuable width of the room so
dream equipment selected now it's time
to put everything in its place and this
was actually quite incredible to see
because these guys have software that
takes your floor plan inserts each of
the products you picked including
exactly how much space each one takes up
so we use this kind of like puzzle
pieces to work out how everything fits
then it gets better because to make sure
that it all aesthetically lines up their
software can also generate full 3d
renders of what those machines would
look like within your exact space which
is pretty cool tech for a gym company I
got to
say and then after this we just had to
find the perfect flooring wait for our
goodies to arrive and then top it all
off by creating Smart Systems that make
this as slick and automated as
possible and now the ultimate smart home
gym is finally ready this right here is
the single single most important room of
the entire house for me cuz you might
have seen about 3 years ago my fitness
hit an all-time low and with it so did
my confidence and my mood it had a
really bad effect on me and so the
entire goal of this dream gym is to
never feel like that ever again come on
[Music]
in so we have actually spent the last 3
months optimizing tuning and then
reoptimizing this room to the point
where for us this is now Perfection
thanks to five things five decisions
we've made that each take this gym up to
a whole new level so level one is all
about how do we eliminate friction how
do we make this as easy as possible to
one to come and crucially to stay until
we're done so did you notice something
as I first walked through that door I
didn't need to turn on anything and
that's because our first step to
achieving this pure frictionless is a
motion sensor which as soon as someone
walks through the door will activate the
lights will turn on the TV and it will
set the air conditioning to a cool 18 C
is this strictly necessary no of course
not but does this make it ever so
slightly easier to just drift into this
room and start a workout when you have
10 spare minutes yes and that's the goal
and now that we are in the room how do
we make sure we stay well one thing we
noticed quite early was one of the main
reasons that one of us would end up
leaving the gym early was we were
thirsty and we'd forgotten to bring a
drink down with us so in the event that
that happens having this mini fridge
here eliminates that excuse with the
added benefit of you're going to perform
better in the gym if you're really well
hydrated the second thing though that
makes people want to leave this room is
if their phones run out of battery
obviously the idea is not that you come
to this room to sit on your phone but if
it does run out then you are going to
need to leave to go charge it just in
case someone needs to reach you so it's
helpful to have a charger in here now we
do actually have wireless charging baked
into some of these technogen machines
but frankly it's prettyy similar to the
state of incar wireless charging it's
slow and it only works about half the
time so we have ended up buying two
cryoboost Chargers from ESR and this is
such an elegant solution cuz it means
the first thing that I do when I walk
into this room is I stick my phone on
here while I'm taking out my gym gloves
and it's charging it keeps my phone away
from me so I'm not checking it between
every single lift which makes gym time
far more productive and it serves as the
perfect Little Gym clock the actually
looks nice unlike every single proper
gym clock that we've seen also yes these
guys have sponsored past videos they're
not sponsoring this one I just think
they're great and it means that before
we are even five steps into this gym we
are ready to gym there's one final
cherry on top for this level so put my
Wrist on here connect and we are in so I
use an Apple Watch for my health
Tracking not because I think it has like
medical grade accuracy or anything it
just makes it really really fun it makes
me want to compete with my friends and
to do better than them and so it is so
cool to me that I don't need my phone I
don't need to manually type anything in
I just tap this watch on one of these
machines and because this is all Apple
gym kit compatible the watch tells the
machine all of my details so my height
my weight Etc and then the machine tells
the watch all of the workout details
like Pace like incline which means that
both machines work together to give you
the most accurate most instant workout
tracking I have ever had which because
it's happening through the Apple watch
is all automatically logged directly
onto the friend leaderboards that I'm
trying to climb to the top off I just
love it so now that we've successfully
got ourselves to use the gym level two
is how do we maximize space in the gym
and there's two parts of this both of
which I think could be really useful for
any home gym design so number one is
building vertically with every single
thing that we've put into this gym the
key resource that I've been trying to
preserve is floor space the more more
vertical space we use the more floor
space we get to keep and so the more
features we can get in here and the more
open it's going to feel that's why we've
gone for completely vertical racks for
our dumbbells that's why instead of a
punching bag I really like the idea of a
flat punching wall not the only reason
though this is a very unique Gadget I'm
getting there and that's why instead of
placing a bunch of plants around the
room on the floor for freshness we've
gone for a wallmounted moss feature this
is from the same company who made the
one in our office by the way and for
those of you who are asking yes yes it's
real no it's not still alive it's dead
and they preserve it with the spray oh
and it's also why we created a custom
Cabinet around this mini fridge just so
that we could build you're probably
starting to understand what makes me
happy at this point a charging station
for all the smaller gym gadgets
vertically above it which means that all
of this stuff has a place and all of
this stuff is always fully charged but
then the second part of this whole Space
maximization equation is making sure
that the tallest parts of your machines
are closest to the walls now you might
not always be able to do this but if you
can it'll mean that even though there
might not be physically more space for
your feet it will still psychologically
feel like there is more space because
you're not seeing as many visual
obstructions from up here but level
three is where we get to the meat of
this gym so we bought our dumbbells from
a company called blackbox I just really
like how No Nonsense their design is and
then all of these adjustable weights are
from a company called Boflex and
honestly I think this thing right here
is an absolutely amazing product like if
you think about this compared to these
two towering dumbbell racks this takes
up a quarter of the space while actually
being able to go heavier these things go
up to 41 kilos each compared to just 30
I think their adjustable cattle Bell is
also very good for the same reason and
then the barbell is I imagine for a lot
of people the single most useful form
factor because it actually saves you a
ton of Time Versus having to come over
here take this off load weights onto
this bar put this back on secure it in
place it's just that I don't think this
one is quite as good a product as the
other two I just find the weight loading
mechanism a little bit fiddly it's
really easy to miss the exact spot that
you have to put it back into to be able
to change the weight but the key thing
that I think we have got right in this
room is the machines you've already seen
which ones we ended up going for but
this is where I get to show you what
actually makes them special first things
first the Vitruvian and if you actually
stop and think about what this thing is
claiming to be it sounds Bonkers they
are pitching this thing as an entire gym
for people who don't have an entire gym
but the more surprising part of this is
that I actually think it's closer to
that objective than you think to get the
downside out of the way while it does
save you space it doesn't save you cost
this is a $3,000 slab and if you want
the full feature set it is another $40
per month and if you stop paying that
$40 you lose access to your workout
history but then on the other hand if
you really think about this it's kind of
a miracle I mean this as a piece of
Hardware is like barely thicker than a
chunky yoga mat it does weigh 30 kg but
then with that 30 kg it actually allows
you to lift any weight you want up to
200 kg thanks to Magnetic resistance on
the inside this one machine does
actually give you the capability of this
entire weights rack and more not to
mention software that does a pretty good
job at gamifying the whole thing and
it's also just really well put together
there's so much smart Gym gear that when
you get it it just feels cheap and
creaky and plasticky this is not that so
we probably won't keep this cuz you know
we're lucky enough to actually have the
equipment that this is designed to
simulate but if you don't and you're
willing to put up with the cost of this
I think it's a really good product then
we've got the centerpieces all of these
technogy machines and again key cavat
out the way first given how expensive
these things are you would expect them
to be able to go heavier by default like
for the Dual adjustable pulley machine
they only ship this by default with 35
kilos on either side 35 kilos is not a
lot of weight and you have to pay extra
to get 50 or for the SWAT rack what you
see here is the total weights that this
thing shipped with which is not enough
to do any kind of serious lifting so
we've ordered more right so that said
these are the best exercise machines I
have ever interacted with and not even
because you can actually play Angry
Birds on your treadmill thanks to them
running an Android based layer it's
partly the fact that they've thought
about the little things that a lot of
gym companies tend to overlook things
like how every pulley mechanism feels
completely frictionless how the benches
are so intive you
literally lift it to lift it there's no
pull out this pin look for the hole try
and line it up and get it back in and if
you want to lower
[Music]
it not to mention the upper layer is
actual memory foam I love how the
machines have built-in storage for all
the extras so they're not strewn around
on the floor how most of the surfaces
are padded so that there's very little
in the way of metal clanging against
metal and how everything that needs to
be adjusted can be adjusted with one
hand but the other thing that I've been
so impressed by that I did not expect to
be impressed by is the fusion of the
hardware and the software so let's say I
jump onto this elliptical and I want to
join a class it's very immediately
obvious that these classes are
specifically built for people using this
exact piece of Hardware you can see your
coach using the same exact machine
they'll even point to things that you
can interact with on your screen cuz for
example you can do every single session
in three levels of difficulty with the
further ability to tune it to your exact
level and then like I originally thought
all of these outdoor exploration things
were really silly but when you click on
one you're not just watching a video
taken on someone's phone that has zero
relation to the effort that you're
putting in it is actually all synced up
so I can see how far in kilometers I've
got left to go I can see stats of the
Walk Like incline and elevation and the
Machine will actually adjust itself to
factor in what is happening on screen
it's not going to replace actually going
Outdoors but one day doing a street side
tour in Italy one day climbing Mount
Etna it does add a bit of that much
needed variety into what can otherwise
become quite a stale form of exercise
and you can even do crazy stuff like
yesterday I went on a real life run yes
outside of the house so on this machine
I can pull up that run and race against
myself this will pull up the exact route
I did and I can try and compete against
my past self knowing that this is also
factoring in all the hills and troughs
of that run and adjusting its own
elevation to match but my absolute
favorite thing about these machines is
the sheer number of stats these things
record and log everything from heart
rate that's tracked automatically
through the handles to run power to step
length and since the easiest way to
progress in the gym is basically just to
try and do a little bit more than you
did last time I've never been able to
see that progression as clearly as I can
now and that is a pretty good segue onto
level four so level four is what takes
this gym from a gym that's easy to come
to to a gym that you want to keep coming
back to how do we build in
accountability and this iPad is an
important part of that so on this iPad
is every single thing that we need to
use while we're in the gym and nothing
more than that that's by Design so all
the music for example in the gym is
controlled on here but more importantly
so is all the workout tracking I
actually use the AR AI baked into the
Opera browser to find this app and I may
have also lost a bet with my team which
means I have to do this entire thing
while doing press UPS so what's the best
rated app on iPad for tracking my
workouts
okay just about there's one called
Center Nike Training Club Apple Fitness
Plus so this one that it's label here
heavy is the app that I've ended up
using partly because it has quite a wide
library of exercises so when you're
setting up your workouts it already
knows what you're trying to do but
mostly honestly just because I love the
user interface and it's really good at
showing you your progress but then also
I can just ask
Arya okay I want to make my biceps look
bigger build me my Perfect workout plan
and enter and it can literally make the
entire thing end to endend from which
exercises to how many reps to top tips
to making sure that you achieve your
goals not to even mention that Opera now
has the slickest integration of split
screen the way the Opera lets you just
drag a tab to one side to open it next
to your existing tab is so seamless and
they have about a million ways to
customize the thing to look just the way
you want with these new themes link
below to download the Opera browser for
free
oh now the second part of making sure we
keep ourselves accountable is this board
so this is a habit tracker you can use
these for basically anything but the way
that we've set this up is every time we
do a full workout we just slap a sticker
on here on the way out of the room it
seems really simple but for us it's a
really nice way of without needing to
take out your phone or open up an app to
see when you've been slacking but also
when you've outdone yourself and that
feels really good but I've been saving
the best till last the single best thing
that you can do for your gym once all
the fundamentals are solid is to make it
fun so this is nightclub mode and it is
it's cooler than I ever thought a gym
could be in most rooms of this house we
put two Meridian speakers in the ceiling
in this room two four six of them as
well as a dedicated subwoofer so you
actually feel the base we added a 10 m
Phillips hue light script going all the
way around the Moss wall on this side
and then five 3 m phip few light strips
in between the wooden paneling here
mostly because it sinks to the music oh
yeah and we painted this last time you
saw this paneling it was just plain
natural wood but as soon as we realized
that we wanted to have this dark mode
nightclub option it became pretty clear
that we needed to spray paint the whole
thing but the single coolest part of
this entire gym is that the dancing of
the lights on the walls which syncs to
these speakers that are playing out the
ceiling also sinks to the boxing wall
now I will say this is it's not the most
polished product I've ever used you have
to put up with an app that's how do I
put this not particularly premium and
quite clearly just Google translated
over from a Chinese version and not
particularly
well but to be fair the core
functionality does work quite well and
if you haven't done a lot of boxing
before the calories burned per minute is
something else I actually can't fathom
how people can get into a ring and stay
at it for over 30 minutes especially
when their opponent actually punes them
back so that is the dream gym and I
we'll catch you in the next one